at age 25 rick hendrick sold everything
he owned to purchase a struggling
chevrolet dealership in south carolina
after increasing sales from 200 to 1,000
cars in the first 12 months he moved to
charlotte north carolina and took on a
larger chevy dealership improving sales
by 10 million dollars in the first year
today the Hendrick automotive group
consists of more than 60 dealerships and
5,000 employees coast-to-coast
generating upward of 3 billion dollars
in revenue annually as his automotive
business prospered Hendrick founded
Hendrick Motorsports in 1984 winning an
amazing three NASCAR Winston Cup Series
races in its first season today Hendrick
Motorsports is headquartered on 100
acres of North Carolina property with
more than 500 employees who construct
the engines and chassis to support five
full-time teams in NASCAR's top two
series in all Hendrick Motorsports has
garnered nine NASCAR championships and
nearly 200 victories making it one of
the sports premier operations
my dad was a farmer in rural Virginia
mainly tobacco it's some of the hardest
work in the world I mean you know you
get up early in the morning and
irrigating the crops in the heat of the
day my dad he raced on the weekends and
the five years old I was going to races
with him I love cars I mean Howard
daydreamed all the time my dad and I
built this 31 shovel like when I was 14
years old and actually ended up winning
the race that weekend that really set me
on fire for the future while I was going
to school actually made a living working
in a service station my dad told me how
to work on cars my mother told me how to
borrow money she worked in a bank she'd
get these 90-day notes I would buy these
used cars fix them up and linda and i
would sell them in the newspaper I
learned to the early age to that I could
make more money selling them and I could
working on so the day I graduated I went
in the car business I always race
something racing will humble you it's a
very hard competitive businesses any
sport
I was just on a check up one day and I
was diagnosed with CML leukemia dr. it
says you know it's probably a better
future percent chance you won't be here
in three years been very fortunate they
I've been in remission since 1998
family is the most important thing to me
we had a tragic loss with the plane
accident if you'd asked me before it
happened would I be able to survive
losing my son my brother my niece's my
best friends but would I be able to go
on I tell you no but then when you look
at the family you have left the ones
that you still have responsibilities for
you just have to so now London I have a
wonderful daughter Lynn two beautiful
granddaughters Kate and Ricky and Emily
I daughter-in-law named Ricky after our
son so now we still have a piece of him
and that's a miracle I believe character
is a choice within people and whether
they have a positive influence in their
lives you know as a child or a negative
influence i believe the choice is theirs
as to whether they want to be the best
they can be I feel so fortunate to live
in a country like this that you have the
freedom to do what you want to do to
chase a dream that's an unbelievable
blessing that we have in this country